+++
title = "Tax Evasion on a Social Network"
date = 2018-08-06T19:58:35+02:00  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2018-09-21T15:00:00Z
time_end = 2018-09-21T15:30:00Z

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = ""
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "XXX Annual Conference of the Italian Society of Public Economics - SIEP 2018"
event_url = "http://www.siepweb.it/siep/en/xxx-conferenza-2018"

# Location of event.
location = "Department of Economics and Management, University of Padua, Padua, Italy"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = "data/talks/siep_2018/siep_2018.pdf"
url_video = ""
url_code = ""
[[url_custom]]
name = "Final Program"
url = "http://www.siepweb.it/siep/images/FinalProgram_SIEP_2018.pdf"
# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
